h1. Summary
{panel}
* *Status:* {excerpt}Cannot delete nodes that contain accented character using FTP{excerpt}
* *CCP Issue:*[CCP-538@JIRA], Product Jira Issue: [JCR-1420@JIRA]
* *Complexity:* N/A
{panel}

h1. The Proposal

h2. Problem description
{panel}
*What is the problem to fix?*
* Add possibility to delete nodes that contain accented characters using FTP
{panel}

h2. Fix description
{panel}
*How is the problem fixed?*
* In FTP service configuration file, use UTF-8 encoding as client-side-encoding value instead of windows-1251.
{warning}
To transfer files with special characters in their name, it is compulsory to use FTP clients that support UTF-8 (such as FileZilla). Otherwise this fix won't work.
{warning}
{panel}

*Patch information:*
{panel}

Patch files:
JCR-1420.patch
{panel}

h2. Tests to perform

{panel}
*Tests performed at DevLevel*
* Manual tests: read/write operation with files that contain accented characters via FTP. Files were previously uploaded via WebDav.

*Tests performed at QA/Support Level*
\*

{panel}

h2. Documentation changes

{panel}
*Documentation changes:*
\* -

{panel}

h2. Configuration changes

{panel}
*Configuration changes:*
* In FTP service configuration file, UTF-8 encoding is used as client-side-encoding value instead of windows-1251.
Before:
{code}
<value-param>
<name>client-side-encoding</name>
<value>windows-1251</value>
</value-param>
{code}
After:
{code}
<value-param>
<name>client-side-encoding</name>
<value>utf-8</value>
</value-param>
{code}


*Will previous configuration continue to work?*
* yes.

{panel}

h2. Risks and impacts

{panel}
*Can this bug fix have an impact on current client projects?*
Most FTP clients use UTF-8 as default (like FileZilla) and all of them support it. So this fix shouldn't affect any client projects.

* Function or ClassName change?
\-

*Is there a performance risk/cost?*
\-

{panel}


h1. Validation (PM/Support/QA)

{panel}
*PM Comment*
\*PM VALIDATED
{panel}

{panel}
*Support Comment*
\*Patch validated

{panel}

{panel}
*QA Feedbacks*
\*
{panel} 
